
Dear Sangharsh Gautam,

You are receiving this message from SUNY at Stony Brook Graduate School because Ankur Rastogi has chosen you to provide a recommendation.

Name of Applicant : Ankur Rastogi
Email of Applicant : ankurrastogi09@gmail.com
Program                  : Computer Science MS
Term                        : Fall 2017

Please note that Ankur Rastogi has waived his/her right to review this recommendation.


The applicant below is in the process of applying for admission to Stony Brook University, and has chosen you to provide a recommendation. You may access the online recommendation form at the URL listed below. The personal access code and password, also provided below, are required for entry. If you prefer to submit a paper recommendation, please contact the applicant and ask him/her for a form. Please do not send your recommendation as an attachment in response to this notification message. If you encounter any technical difficulties while using the online recommendation form please click on the "Technical Support" link in the recommendation page. 

Click here to create your password and start your recommendation

If you are having difficulties with the link above, please copy and paste the text below into your browser. Make sure to include the entire text below.

---------- Begin copying here --------
https://rec.applyyourself.com/AYForgottenpassword/rp.asp?t=llevFk3LmCqM%2BK%2Bxulxonn6sFVk7mg%2BhJuH7hJhnTYisLGVpbHuBuQ%3D%3D&cp=1
---------- End copying here ----------

Your Personal Access Code is HJNHZXZOINQ.

NOTE: The link above automatically expires 60 days after it was generated. If you use this link after 60 days, you will be prompted to create a new link to access the online recommendation.

If you experience any technical difficulties while completing the form, please contact the Hobsons Technical Support team at support@hobsons.com with a description of the issue you have encountered. If you forget your password, please use the ""Forgot your access code and/or password?"" link found on the login screen." 

Please DO NOT respond to this message with your recommendation as an attachment. Your recommendation cannot be accepted through this email address.

Thank you,
SUNY at Stony Brook Graduate School

This message was sent by Hobsons on behalf of SUNY at Stony Brook Graduate School at the request of Ankur Rastogi (ankurrastogi09@gmail.com).
